[.NET Profiling] Better explain cpu and memory overhead (#18942)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/dotnet.md

.NET 6<br/>
.NET 7

<div class="alert alert-warning">

>   <strong>Note:</strong> For containers, at least one core is required (read the <a href="/profiler/profiler_troubleshooting/?code-lang=dotnet#linux-containers">Troubleshooting documentation</a> for more details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <strong>Note:</strong> For containers, **at least one core** is required (read the <a href="/profiler/profiler_troubleshooting/?code-lang=dotnet#linux-containers">Troubleshooting documentation</a> for more details).
```

>   <strong>Note:</strong> For containers, <strong>at least one core</strong> is required (read the <a href="/profiler/profiler_troubleshooting/dotnet#linux-containers">Troubleshooting documentation</a> for more details).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <strong>Note:</strong> For containers, <strong>at least one core</strong> is required. Read the <a href="/profiler/profiler_troubleshooting/dotnet#linux-containers">Troubleshooting documentation</a> for more details.
```

## Enabling the Profiler

<div class="alert alert-info">

>   <strong>Note:</strong> Datadog does not recommend enabling the profiler at machine-level or for all IIS applications. If you have enabled it machine-wide, see the <a href="/profiler/profiler_troubleshooting/?code-lang=dotnet#avoid-enabling-the-profiler-machine-wide">Troubleshooting documentation</a> for information about reducing the overhead related to enabling the profiler for all system applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <strong>Note</strong>: Datadog does not recommend enabling the profiler at machine-level or for all IIS applications. If you do have enabled it machine-wide, read the <a href="/profiler/profiler_troubleshooting/?code-lang=dotnet#avoid-enabling-the-profiler-machine-wide">Troubleshooting documentation</a> for information about reducing the overhead that is associated with enabling the profiler for all system applications.
```
